# Semi-supervised Model

## Conda Environment
```
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    defaults
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu    defaults
bzip2                     1.0.8                h5eee18b_6    defaults
ca-certificates           2025.2.25            h06a4308_0    defaults
certifi                   2025.4.26                pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        3.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
contourpy                 1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.57.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2024.6.1                 pypi_0    pypi
hf-xet                    1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.31.1                   pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.10                     pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.8                    pypi_0    pypi
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h12ee557_0    defaults
libffi                    3.4.4                h6a678d5_1    defaults
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libuuid                   1.41.5               h5eee18b_0    defaults
markupsafe                2.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.4                  h6a678d5_0    defaults
networkx                  3.3                      pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     2.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cublas-cu12        12.8.3.14                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12    12.8.57                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12    12.8.61                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12  12.8.57                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cudnn-cu12         9.7.1.26                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cufft-cu12         11.3.3.41                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cufile-cu12        1.13.0.11                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-curand-cu12        10.3.9.55                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusolver-cu12      11.7.2.55                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusparse-cu12      12.5.7.53                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12    0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nccl-cu12          2.26.2                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12     12.8.61                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvtx-cu12          12.8.55                  pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.0.16               h5eee18b_0    defaults
packaging                 25.0                     pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    11.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       25.1               pyhc872135_2    defaults
pyparsing                 3.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.11.11              he870216_0    defaults
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.2                  h5eee18b_0    defaults
requests                  2.32.3                   pypi_0    pypi
safetensors               0.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                78.1.1          py311h06a4308_0    defaults
six                       1.17.0                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.45.3               h5eee18b_0    defaults
sympy                     1.13.3                   pypi_0    pypi
timm                      1.0.15                   pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.14               h39e8969_0    defaults
torch                     2.7.0+cu128              pypi_0    pypi
torchaudio                2.7.0+cu128              pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.22.0+cu128             pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.67.1                   pypi_0    pypi
triton                    3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2025b                h04d1e81_0    defaults
urllib3                   2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
uv                        0.7.3                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.45.1          py311h06a4308_0    defaults
xz                        5.6.4                h5eee18b_1    defaults
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_1    defaults

Trained with RTX 5070Ti (CUDA 12.8)
```